Livio Ozuna Studies Dominican Republic
The Bobotes Cartoons
Hahaha
City of Guaroa Dominican Republic
Start Christmas
everything is happiness
A round of applause for Teke who is paying the bill
ñicalo, this is a great party. thanks for coming
no bulge
Thank you brother, and the lottery ticket you played
And I thinking to play it
what a fool I am
Hi, prostitute
Teke,
Teke, a tragedy has happened
Aunt?
I need you to come to the field
Damn
Police of Guaroa
Sell ​​ice cream
if the president does not increase my salary I will strike
He also remarked
there's no command the street tamarit editors greeted one by one today of
German stands out
we want to live from death the certain thing is that the entity the first blow l
your mission to move to the place of events and liverpool we will send you
a detective assistant some ask Colonel
7 was like that
although this couple and detachment of
the people that are their forum problems and can donate endorsed last one of the
bread
the announcement of his departure
they are depositing the mickey baas royalties
for unfortunately of the affected eye to francisco
for its part toshiba corp efe
about
efe
I'm ready
for her
ica ica
photo efe
The experts
as by art for its resounding success in its legs
Chamorro
Clear
Now we just have to wait
rajoy
ferrer reacted to
this practice
a climate of fear 2
p
but fulfilling everything else
but he did not report any injuries
she the complaint
the Celtic has pointed to her
I have
we pretend country without him caracas this proposal happens it seems that yes
he does not
the patient goes to the party
Peru only 7% and who want to bring hope for the moment
but when the bullfighter starts
all
capella attacks
the dgt what I say can not be
muddy
the
in all this debate
I also
the protocol was narrow
prices
uu
port explained situation duhalde
juncker
the rest of the meeting
the reporter
when the fight
the dgt
Thus
goes through this area
yes but I do not have it like that
but the Pope to pretend
but I always plan to make the journey and end the issue indicated
dt juan verón
as part of the project
parlon the group h
the opposite does not happen
happy neither prospered does not hide that they have a
On Sunday it is also expected that the package with children's medical material
me neither
the above
he spoke to a bankruptcy
who also appears broken head
here
jane lynch glee
in the fifth inning
one
sagarpa
do not